{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Current status:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 (1) Can get information from a form.\
(2) Can upload this information to a database.\
\
Next steps:\
(1) Create the proper database schema.\
(2) Create the forms necessary to get the information into the database.\
\
Key questions:\
(1) How do I create one instance in the database?\
	You don't.  Each time a form is submitted, a new database entry is made.\
(2) What page is going to be served up on submission of the form?\
	Going to be the actual valuation.  For now just send a dummy page w/ 'success.'\
(3) How should I structure the forms?  Think one form for each data item.\
(4) Let's start with a DCF.  What do I need?\
	(a) Think free cash flow:\
		(1) EBIT * (1-T)\
		(2) D&A\
		(3) Capex\
		(4) change NWC\
	(b) Projections (think back to your simple models)\
		(1) Revenue growth\
		(2) EBITDA margin\
		(3) D&A % revenue\
		(4) capex % revenue\
		(5) change working cap % revenue\
		(6) Project 5 years then do an EBITDA exit multiple method.\
	 (c) Exit / discounting\
		(1) Discount rate\
		(2) Exit multiple\
		(3) Rest of the parameters I can supply\
(5) Total list of params:\
	(1) Yr 1 revenue\
	(2) revenue growth\
	(3) EBITDA margin\
	(4) D&A % revenue\
	(5) capex % revenue\
	(6) change nwc % revenue\
	(7) Exit multiple\
	(8) Discount rate\
	(9) Tax rate\

\i Group params in similar categories\
\

\i0 Should I name each company?  Do I need a user?  Maybe make it simpler and just do companies?\
\
Think in terms of the demo.  It's going to be a one user event.  Not going to be doing any authentication.  This is just a simple calculator.n  \
		}